1. What is a Framework ?
	Step by step approach
	Predefined step by step approach
	Solution to a problem
	Scientific methodology

2. What is dot net framework
	It is a predefined step by step approach to Design, Develop and Deploy a .NET application.

3. Name 2 languages supported by dotnet
	C#, VB.net, f#

4. What are namespaces and why namespaces
	A library in .NET is called namespace. 
	Namespaces are important when we want to import a library we want to use in our project that is already existing.

5. What is an assembly . Parts of assembly
	Assembly is a deployable unit or an executable unit.
	Parts of Assembly :
	1. Metadata :
		It contains data about the assembly such as Name of the assembly and Version of the Assembly.
	2. IL (Intermediate Language)
		It is the compiled code (.exe )
	3. Type Details :
		It contains all the details such as variables used, libraries used, class names and datatypes.

6. What is metadata
	Metadata contains data about the assembly such as Name of the assembly and Version of the Assembly.

7. What is typedetails
	Type Details contains all the details such as variables used, libraries used, class names and datatypes.

8. What is CLR
	CLR (Common Language Runtime)

9. Features of CLR
	FEATURES OF CLR
	1. Automatic Garbage Collection
	( CLR at regular interval of time checks for unused and unreferred objects and marks them delete. 
  	Garbage Collector would delete them.
  	The Objects which are still in use will move to next generation.)

	2. Language interoperability using CTS
	(Runtime provides common datatype which enables different languages to interact.)

	3. Code Access Security
	(Provides security to the code. )

	4. Platform Independent
	(Ability to run on any operating system
	--> CLR checks for which Operating System it is.
	--> CLR will load the respective compiler.
	--> Compiler will re-compile the IL into native/machine code (This compiler is JIT (Just In Time) compiler).Hence it is platform independent.
	)

	5. Multi-version support using Assembly


10. What are generations
	Generations are a place where the variables are shifted when CLR visits them each time.

11. What GC
	Garbage Collector

12. How is multiple language integration achieved ?
	(Runtime provides common datatype which enables different languages to interact.)

13. what is CAS
	Code Access Security (CAS).It gives security to the code.

14. What is JIT
	(Just In Time Compiler ) compiles the intermediate code to native/machine code.

15. Can different versions of dotnet app exists in a single computer
	Yes

16. What is Intermediate Language
	It is the compiled code (.exe code)

17. What is modular programming and how is it achieved
	Dividing the programs into small units/modules. Each module is called as function or method.
	Advantage : Code Reusability, Readability, easy debugging

18. Two parts of a function
	Function defintion and declaration

19. In C# functions and methods are same or different
	same

20. What is are Access Specifiers
	keywords which define the scope of the variables, classes or functions (e.g. private, public, protected)

21. Default Access Specifier for class, variable, function
	class -> Internal
	variable -> private
	function -> private

22. What is a void function
	The function which do not return anything

23. What is a function with return type
	Function with a return type means that it will return some value be it int, char, float, string, etc.

24. what is an expression
	It is a combination of variables, symbols or operations that can be executed 

25. difference between pre and post
	pre -> first perform the operation and then use
	post -> first use and then perform the operation.
	
26. x++ is this pre or post
	neither pre or post.
27. 
int a =20;
if(a<10)
{
Console.WriteLine($"{a} is Less than 10");
}
else
{
Console.WriteLine($"{a} is greater than 10");
}
20>10

28.
int a = 20;
switch(a)
{
case 1:
statements;
break;
case 2:
statements;
break;
default:
statements
}
Predict the output
	Compilation error (default does not have a break)


29.Difference between parameter and argument
	public void Add(int a, int b){ } --> Parameter
	
	Add(10,20) --> Argument

30.What are default and optional parameters
	default and optional are same parameters. They should be the last one.
	e.g. public void Add(int a, int b=20)

31.How many parameters a function can have
	Any number of parameters.
